very good to all kids welcome
back to the channel today I bring a video
somewhat that a video that does not usually bring
it's never a video that the truth has been
pretty fashionable place to teach your
statistics on youtube and such and such
for those who do not know from here
I will show how many subscribers
won a day how many visits only have
daily how many subscribers has
won in a month and all that is worth
kids so good once said
this is going to start with this video
Well, the first thing that stands out
is that we are already eleven thousand subscribers
well we still are not when I'm
recording this we barely have 60 left
subscribers 70 but when I'm going to
upload I'm going to upload Tuesday surely
when I'm going to upload it, we are worth it
so that having said that kids or guys
I will explain how many subscribers won
a day how many won in the last 30
days and all that so good
daily I'm earning a figure of
77 subscribers that the truth for me
is perfect 77 subscribers a day
for me there are many memories before
when I started on youtube that stops
get the first 10 subscribers
I think it was a month
a little more I think even two months
to get you have subscribers and the
true then compared now in a day
Well, I almost have them, I do not have 77 more or
less to the day than the truth then it is
I can not very well not complain
I also have about 2,100 visitors 2100
daily visits not in the last video
but in all daily with I have a
2006 average 100 visits I'm more
or less an average is not exact but if
it is quite close also in the
last 30 days has been reached
got the figure so to speak of the
of two thousand 288 subscribers two thousand 288
subscribers are many in a month the
truth is that I to get my
first thousand subscribers I was a year
and a half to get my
subscribers a year and a half worth and the
true now that in a month already
you have even double what it took
in a year and a half now in a month you have
the double does not because the truth is that it is
amazing
figures are like that I
it is what there is not so visits
in the last month I have 62 thousand is
pretty good uploading daily video on
30 days then if you do the 2000 account
for 30 out 60 and a thousand thousand do not two thousand and
peak by thirty then you see that they come out
well the figures and they are all fine
you can also make the account of 77
sum is 30 times and also it comes out
more or less the account I already say it is
all this is not fixed is more or less like
saying it is reduced is not
made to the eye not but it 's pretty good
so well I'll explain how many
subscribers earned before that as well
I said before maybe I got it
about 6 a day including 7 but when
It really got me to stop for now as we
I say 77 a day and well the subject of
partner
I warn you that if you think that with
this can be lived then for nothing to
but for nothing at all right now to
the best with this I that I know I can not
say figures because the contract of
partner does not allow you to say how much
charge or anything but that I I can
say no that you do not eat your head
and do not think this is
the sky over there that has simon and there
do not
the kids this is a hobby but
Also if you can win you can invest
the money you've earned on other things
I do not say that if you have 100 thousand
subscribers can not live on that
for nothing but currently with my
figures can not live is not a
number and what to see if later but
I like it as well as it stands is
pure hobby and that's all kids
this they wanted to comment on you to
I channel my stats because
You ask me so much you know how much
you charge each one I know that everything
you have bought it with the panel
they do not stop at all obviously
with the partner as much as I have
bought maybe some of lcd the
warfare bands in a month but do not think
must
what is there to live out of the boat and good
kids, so here's the video today
tomorrow maybe tomorrow or even the
another one or it will be a video that many
you have asked for the key to success in
youtube so tomorrow or the other one
He waited here at eight thirty of the
late
a greeting eight and a half hour Spanish
ok because there are like some suites of
Latin America and such
you search google the hour changer
so to speak and you see what time it is
here at eight thirty in the afternoon
obviously and look is that now it's in
your country and the kids will
I hope here to remember to think what it is
a video quite expected by all
you the key to success on youtube
as well as the kids I hope that I have
liked life favorites a greeting and we
we see in the next video chao